HVL GUVI PRESENTS

Be Part of India’s Biggest Hackathon
India AI Impact Buildathon
Participate in the national AI hackathon under India AI Impact Summit 2026.

Register for Free
Benefits Unpacked
What’s in it For You?
₹4,00,000 Prize Pool
Cash rewards for top innovators and disruptors. And a special category for working professionals.

Showcase Your Solution on the National Stage
The qualified teams will get a chance to showcase their solution on the stage of India AI Impact Summit.

Learn First. Build After
First learn AI-led development from top 1% industry experts. Then compete in Buildathon by building your own AI solution.

Gateway to the Summit
Qualified teams get to be part of the India AI Impact Buildathon finale at the national stage of AI Impact Summit 2026.

Official Recognition
Earn a prestigious co-branded certificate from the India AI Impact Summit and HCL GUVI

Network with the Elite
Connect with the country's brightest problem solvers and form a formidable professional network

Register for Free
Participation Criteria
Who Can Join This Nationwide Buildathon?
If you love problem solving & the idea of building meaningful stuff; the registration is open for you.


Working Professionals

Professionals from any domain who want to stay relevant in AI-Driven future, build proof of work & solve problems that create impact.


Graduates 

Degree holders looking to show their practical skills & build a professional network that helps career growth.

.


Students

Curious students who want to go beyond classrooms, explore real-world challenges, and start thinking like builders.


Open to All

No prior hackathon experience required. If you have the intent to learn, build, and create impact, you’re welcome to participate.

Register for Free
A 4-step Journey You’ll Follow
India AI Buildathon Flow & Timeline

Date: 19 January

Hackathon Goes Live:

Participate in a team of 2-4 members. Learn AI-led development from industry experts. Build & submit your prototype.




Date: 5th February

Submit Your Prototype

Your submitted prototype gets evaluated by a team of experts.     


Date: 10th February

Shortlist Announcement

Based on submissions, top teams will be selected & announced.


.


Date: 16th February

Final Event & Grand Showcase

Qualified teams get entry into the AI Impact Summit 2026 event and present their solutions on the national stage. 

Register for Free
Solve What Matters
The Problem Statement of 1.4 B+ Scale
India Is Facing a Fraud Crisis. You build an AI solution that stops it.


5,00,000+ Scam Calls

Flood India every day


₹60+ Crore Lost

To fraudulent calls daily


3+ Spam Calls

Per citizen, per day

Solve Problem of Your Choice

Challenge 1
Build an AI-powered audio call analyzer that: 
Detects spam and fraud calls in real time
Analyses audio patterns, keywords, and behaviour
Alerts users instantly to potential threats
Challenge 2
Build an Agentic AI Honeypot System that
User can hand-off the interaction to, once the scam is detected
Keeps scammers engaged using a realistic human persona
Extracts bank details, UPI IDs & phishing links for law enforcement
Grand Finale. National Venue.
Final Showdown Venue
Present your solutions at the Dr Ambedkar International Centre, New Delhi: one of India’s most prestigious national venues.


Get National Visibility:

You get a chance to present your work on the national stage of India's biggest AI Event.


Build Professional Network

Network with India’s brightest minds and AI experts to form a professional network that helps you grow.


Build Proof of Work:

Learn AI-led development. Build your own AI product & position yourself as an AI-first talent to recruiters.


Register for Free
Win. Impact. Transform.
Prize Pool & Recognition on National Stage
Winning teams receive prize money, co-branded certificate from India AI Impact Summit & HCL GUVI This Buildathon also features a separate category for working professionals ensuring level competition field & rewards.

Prize Pool
₹4,00,000
Register For Free
THE ORGANISERS 
About HCL GUVI

HCL GUVI is a leading industry-focused upskilling platform, and a part of prestigious HCL Group. Through initiatives like the India AI Buildathon, HCL GUVI is committed to enabling builders, innovators, and problem-solvers to become future ready.

4
M+
Global Learners

10000
+
Career Transitions

1000
+
Hiring Partners

2
Guinness World Records

16
+
Learn in Language

Register for Free
HELP & SUPPORT
FAQ
Who can participate in the India AI Buildathon?
Can I participate solo or only in teams?
Is there any registration fee?
What will I build during the hackathon?
How are teams evaluated?
Submissions are evaluated based on:

Problem understanding
Feasibility and design approach
Responsible AI considerations
Clarity of solution and pitch
What do shortlisted teams get?
Top 250 teams get:

Entry to the India AI Impact Summit 2026 venue
Opportunity to present on a national stage
India AI Impact Summit backed recognition and certificates
Prize pool of 4,00,000
Opportunity to network with India’s brightest minds
Will all participants receive certificates?
Where will the final event take place?
Join the India AI impact Buildathon
Register for Free
